1. How has your knowledge of the tech field changed since class began?

Since the beginning of the class, my knowledge of the tech field was changed a lot especially with
what I was expecting from it. for example, at the start of the class I had not realized that 
there were so many different stacks and methods of solving the same problem. I also learned that 
it takes a lot more than just knowing the code to solve some problems in the teh field.

2. What was the most difficult part of Foundations for you? And how did you overcome that?

After taking this class for 8 weeks, I felt that the most difficult part of foundations was 
solving problems that I was completely new to. I enjoyed the fact that we were able to collaborate
with a partner for each assignment and get multiple viewpoints of a certain topic.

3. Did you learn anything about the way you learn? What was it?

After foundations, I realized that I am much more of a visual learner rather than just a person
that learns everything from only textbooks and powerpoints. Being able to learn a lot more from
daily interactive lectures and assignmets helped me understand topics discussed more clearly.

4. How will you apply what you know about your learning style during Specializations?

Going into Specialization, I expect to use visual demonstrations for the topics dicussed to learn even
more and really master each topic. Whether that be examples on google or demonstrations on Youtube.

5. What was your experience with pair programming like?

As mentioned previously, pair programming benefitted me a lot since it allowed me to get multiple viewpoints on
certain assignments. It made me realize that there was not only just one way of solving a problem and that if I 
did have a problem, there was someone else that might be able to help me think about it in a different way.

6. What parts of Foundations did you enjoy the most? (This could be anything from a specific lab or lecture to the general setup of class or a funny moment.)

Throughout the entirety of the foundations portion of this course there were many moments and labs that I really enjoyed. Specifically, the people within the course made it much more fun being a part of this program. I am definitley fortunate to be a part of this group of people since everyone made it possible to have fun learning everything about coding in different lanuages.